 what brings you in here today? Yeah, hi. I have been in my belly. It started a couple hours ago. Okay, and where exactly in your belly do you have this thing? It's mostly up here on the right side. The right side? Yeah. Can you describe what kind of pain is it? Is it like a dull pain or sharp pain or aching pain? Uh, I guess it's an aching pain I'd say. It kind of just, it would initially just come and go, but now it's just staying, it's not going away. Okay, and so it's in the right area. Does it travel anywhere else where besides the right side? No. Okay. And on a scale of 1 to 10, 1 being the least amount of pain you've felt in your life, and 10 being the worst, how much would you rate it right now? It's about a 10, an age maybe. An age? Okay. Yeah. And so just to clarify, when did it start? It started about eight hours ago. Eight hours ago. Okay. And were you doing anything before? Like did you have a meal or were you asleep and it woke you up? What was going on before you had the pain? Um, I was just about to go to sleep. I wasn't doing anything in particular at the time. Okay. And has it been getting worse since it first started? Oh yeah, definitely. It would come and go, but now for the past five to six hours, it's been constant. It's just there all the time. Okay. And have you had any similar pain like this in the past? Yeah. I have the same pain that comes and goes after I eat. Usually after I've had something, like something fatty, something from outdoors, maybe like a burger or fries or something, I initially thought it was indigestion, but I don't know what's going on now. Okay. And does anything make it better or worse? Anything that you've tried? Well, I guess eating sometimes makes it worse, but I don't think there's anything that's making it better. Have you tried any meditation at all? I tried Tylenol, but that didn't do anything. Okay. And besides the pain that you're having, do you have any nausea and vomiting? I am a little nauseous, but no, I haven't vomited yet, no. Okay. And have you been having any fevers? I don't think so. I haven't checked. But I don't eat fevers. Any sweats or like chills? No, I don't think so. Okay. Any changes in your bowel movements, like constipation, diarrhea? No. Okay. Have you traveled anywhere recently? No, I haven't. Have you been feeling at all very tired, not your usual self, fatigue? Well, the pain is making you difficult for me to do things. But I guess I'm not. A little bit, do you see me? Okay. Have you been having any changes in your urinary patterns? No. No? Any changes in your skin and rashes and yellowing of your skin? Nothing that I've noticed. No, I don't think so. Okay. Any changes in your urine color? No. Have you noticed blood in your stool at all? I have not. And how about your appetite? Has this changed at all? Well, I guess because this thing happens, usually happens after I eat, I think I've been eating less than you feel. Just because I don't like the pain. Any significant weight loss recently? I don't think so. Any recent infections recently at all? No. And otherwise, are you, do you have any other medical conditions, like diabetes, blood pressure or anything at all? I do have diabetes, but that's about it, I think. And do you take anything for your diabetes? I take metformin. Okay. Do you take any other medications at all? No. No, I don't. Sorry. No, no. Do you have any allergies to any medications? No. Environmental allergies? No, no, I don't. Okay. Have you been hospitalized in the past? No, no, I haven't ever. I've been very, I've been healthy. No hospitalizations. Any past surgeries? I got my visit in deep removed when I was a teenager. Okay. Have you been in contact with anyone who has been ill recently? No, I don't think so. Okay. And in terms of your family history, has anyone had any cancers or any ear problems? Any ear IBD, like Crohn's disease or ulcerative colitis? No, not that I know of. Okay. Anything that runs in the family at all? My dad had a heart attack when he was in his sixties, but that's it. Okay. And currently right now, do you work? No, I'm laid off. Because of COVID. Okay. And currently, what is your home situation like? What do you mean? So do you live in an apartment, a house, and do you live with anyone? I live in an apartment. I live alone. And in terms of your daily routine, you feel that you get exercise? Do you go outside for walks and runs and things like that? I usually go out for a run, especially when it's a little bit warmer, which it now is. Yep. And do you drink alcohol? Sometimes. How much would you say you drink in an average week? I want to drink a day. And what do you usually drink? I'll just drink a glass of wine at night, which helps me relax. Okay. And do you smoke cigarettes? I don't, no. And do you use any recreational drugs like marijuana? No, I don't. Okay. All right. So that's all the questions I have. And just to clarify, does your pain come and go or is it constant? Yeah. So initially it would come and go. But now, so for the first two hours, it would come and go. And when I would have a stain, when I was eating, it would come and go. But over the past six hours, it's just...