 I understand that you've been having diarrhea. Can you tell me a little bit about that? Yeah, sure. I had, I've been having diarrhea for the past three to four days and it's been pretty bad. I couldn't go, I couldn't go to my classes. Had to get because that was just, it was just embarrassing. Oh, okay. I'm glad to hear that. Have you ever experienced something like this before? Yeah, yeah. I don't think so. Okay. And over the three to four days, have your stools all been loose or have you had some solid ones in between? I think it's mostly been loose. And I think it's mostly been loose. I think it's mostly been loose. I think it's mostly been loose. I think it's mostly been loose. I think they've all been loose actually. If I think about it. Okay. And how many times a day have you been having as a diarrhea? Oh my God. I have, I've lost count. I'm going every, every hour. Maybe. Okay. I have some hours. Okay. And have you noticed any changes in the color of your stool? No, it's brown. Okay. Okay. Any blood in your stool that you've noticed? Not really. I don't think so. I don't look that much to be honest. Okay. Have you noticed any, any pain associated with it? Well, I didn't start off with being, but I do have a bit of a cramp now since yesterday. It's just, it hurts. Yeah. It hurts sometimes. It comes and goes. Okay. And do you feel that when it, do you feel that you still have control over, like releasing it to like, does it come on? And you don't even notice that it has happened or you still are able to kind of have a warning before you get to the toilet? Well, I do get a warning, but it's just, I do need to get to the toilet really fast. Okay. And before the happened, have you noticed, have you, is there anything that you've done differently, that you've been eating differently or any other changes that happened to your life recently? I, I did go to, I did put it in your restaurant five days ago. Okay. What did you have there? I just got some rice chicken, chicken insurian. Is there, you can make a little, I use this from. And, yeah. Did anyone else have the same thing that you did, that you were with? I, no, not really. I went with my friend to have a, I went to talk to her about this. I never really thought that these were related, that this was related to that. And it's, it's, you know, absolutely, potentially not, like it's maybe not, it could possibly be. So not to, not to worry you about that. You just go like to get an idea of kind of the whole picture, what you're coming into. So in terms of the last three to four days, you experienced any nausea or vomiting? Yeah. Yeah. I have actually, but it's not been as bad as the diarrhea. I didn't even, yeah, I didn't, I wasn't even thinking about that. Yeah. I, I did vomit, I think twice yesterday. Okay. Have you noticed any blood in the vomit? No, it's just watery. It's okay. And are you nauseated all the time or is it kind of on and off? It's on and off. Okay. Have you taken any, any over the counter medicine or anything to help? Not really. I was, I was trying to drink a lot of water because I know that I can get dehydrated. So just drinking lots of water. Yeah, that's great. Okay. So that's good to hear. Have you, have you been eating normally here? Have you not been eating as much as you regularly do? I have been eating less, especially since yesterday when I had nice, these abdominal cramps started. I just don't feel like eating. Oh crap. Is there anything that has been making it worse? Making what worse? In general, like, is there anything you're finding makes your nausea or your diarrhea come on? Not really. I don't think so. You noticed any changes to your urine or any discomfort when going to the bathroom? No. Have you traveled anywhere recently? No. Okay. And have you noticed any fever or chills in the last few days? I've just been feeling really tired and, and I don't know, maybe. I haven't checked my temperature. Okay. Have you noticed any rashes or changes in your skin? No. Have you noticed any major changes to your weight? I know that you might not weigh yourself every day, but anything that jumps out to you? I actually haven't beat myself in the past five days. I don't, I don't know. Okay. Okay. And I'm just gonna jump to you and your general history. Do you have any history of problems with your digestive system? No. Okay. Do you have any chronic conditions that you see a family doctor for regularly? How bad is it, Mom? Okay. Do you seek any medications? Yeah, I've got some buffers that my family doc gave me. Okay. Nothing else? No, that's it. Okay. Do you have any anties? No, I don't. Okay. Have you been hospitalized in the past? Sorry, can you say that again? Have you ever been hospitalized in the past? I hadn't, I was indeed from Luz. But no, I wasn't hospitalized, no. Okay. Have you been in contact with anyone recently that's been sick? No, I don't think so. Okay. So you're living situation right now. You said you're a student? I am. Okay. And do you live on your own, with family, with roommates? I live at choosing units. Do you drink alcohol? Sometimes. Okay, how many drinks per week would you say? I might have like a glass or two on the weekends. Okay. Do you smoke? No. Okay, and do you use any other substances? No. And what would you eat on a regular day? Typical, your typical diet, see? Wow, gosh. Well, I like to have oatmeal for breakfast. I usually make them quick for lunch, maybe like a salad. And then I might have, I'll probably just like eat out at night, maybe get like a burger or fries or something. Okay, cool. And I just wanted to jump over to ask you about your family history. Does any of that in your family have any history of digestive problems or abdominal problems, abdominal surgeries? My brother had appendicitis, he was young. My mom has had his direct to me, if that counts. If it does? Yeah, nothing else. Okay. Okay, thank you for sharing that with me. So I think that's everything that I wanted to ask you for today.